client: Double click on title to mark entry as read (#1469)
fossar/selfoss: docs/content/docs/administration/options.md

Set to `0` to stop the interface from scrolling to the article header when an article is opened.
</div>

### `double_click_mark_as_read`
<div class="config-option">

> set this to `1` to mark an item as read when double clicking on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this to `1` to enable toggling item’ (un)read state by double clicking the title.
```
